then it's against the lolo smell for the
quiroga quiroga to want us to leave
run for the jordito pasa quiroga pasa
that does not go like the kilo center missile
days the first one is my house
everything for me thing
the entrance for my cortito I request
Velázquez 14 minutes into the first half
they sang anticipating where they get confused
between
Bolivians and blacks here
they are the same because theirs is crazy
the misery the tears the few echoes
of their children who walk barefoot and
belgrano gave them reasons to escape from
the natural court of destiny and it was like that
how they learned to resist and go to
resist you win the 10 grain for me by
the name of good jorgito be for the
name whoever
it was by the climb of quiroga is
important that it is that chiroga that
climbs and knows how to manage
cleverly the ball so that
end in center whether it is who is who
has sent it in the grain network that
had attacked a little bit in the first
seriously he had more pure good advance
correctly with the Aztec but not
nothing happened to him was lawful to look for him on 9
that now I apologize and farrell
accept the pass because everything
gentleman the middle capita of color in the
province of this sense aguirre
retrieves the vertical the dominant of
this foot by low the ball by the pike
the pike up repairs jorgito him
is left to farré the count for corner of
ferrero
they did not improve the network
all summer
and there are the owners of the night
playing valrans as asked by the
people
then to the front there are windows in the
bed with own women and others and
faithful and wise leaders and looks
how does it have to be birdie channel 12 0 by
and prepares us to gather flyer that
when you step on the area you know
why he does it and how to solve it
all bounces are all for
belgrano that the capitals
for glory slowly as roasted
inside the real left-footed shot the
ball will be opened 43 minutes
epilogue of the first time the order of the
game canteens a left leg to
lift the half height the first stick
institute marin
tutors so that the nights and has had
a good dose of glory was not treated the
Birth
hiding the ball against the stick
alone of the beast with the sterile mind
after glory night follows
open and with much of your glory to a
Institute keeps losing 2 to 1 for the
name of marathon the summer that manages
the game at will which is thought
quiet institutes bonuses we said a
blood reaction more than soccer
I tried to lift the siege ball
arrested by childbirth of the one who won
to all the 2 to 1 so that the party
stay alive beyond follow
belgrano who is up
stopped as a midfielder for the
left is for one hour
circumstantially happened he insists on
day falls slightly behind good
coverage on the cat photo true with
a good high is surviving against
antagonistic camps now how do you see it
you find physical response from this
second time of mansanelli
to tie it if you put centers of
tie if you put yards tie centers
to the arch
and minutes of the second time and this
people accept you anything but not
ask him not to come anymore because
institute is a disease to all
the day because these colors are the
they want for these people glory and that
go out to run the well that reach the
alive fear for camilita mercantilista
brother is the glory
thrown by man
the ability to really that to win
alone a ball that had to fight
against the defense of belgrano the loose
response of the ball that enters the ball
by the first suit the most alive match
that is never now in palms